ENG-5036 Improve the readme (#28)
entando-samples/agenda-bundle-templates: README.md

## The components
### The Spring boot microservice
This microservice exposes an API to manage the agenda features. You access it from the `microservices/springboot-agenda` folder.
The endpoints are secured, accordingly with the business rules, with Spring Security using annotations. 

```
@PostMapping("/contact")
@PreAuthorize("hasRole('admin')")
@SecurityRequirement(name = "agenda_auth")
public ResponseEntity<ContactRecord> createContact(@RequestBody ContactRecord contact) throws URISyntaxException {
    log.debug("REST request to create a NEW contact: {}", contact );

    ContactRecord created = contactService.save(contact);

    return ResponseEntity
            .created(new URI("/api/contacts/" + created.id()))
            .body(created);
}
```

You can access the swagger-ui to test the API from this URL: [http://localhost:8081/swagger-ui/index.html]()

### The microfrontends
All the three microfrontends provide the same user experience with a close look and feel. So, you have the choice to choose with which technology you can start your composable journey.

> The microfrontends are delivered with a preconfigured API Claims to work both locally, and on the Entando platform.

Author: @jyunmitch There is one API Claim per micro frontend.

```
export const mfeconfig = {
    "systemParams": {
        "api": {
            "springboot-agenda-api": {
                "url": "http://localhost:8081"
            }
        }
    }
}
```
This doesn't require you extra steps to work, but if you want to learn more about API Claims, you can check our [official tutorial](https://developer.entando.com/v7.2/tutorials/create/ms/add-api-claim.html#prerequisites).

The agenda allows you to
- access the users list:
![](Screenshot_01.png)

- Add a new user:
![](Screenshot_02.png)
![](Screenshot_03.png)

- Edit or delete one:
![](Screenshot_04.png)

## Create a bundle from the template

> The purpose of this bundle is to provide users with a sample or template to kickstart their own application development.

Author: we might prefer users to consider it as a template rather than a template. Makes sense

The following documentation helps you to start using it as a template.
### Prerequisites
Before proceeding with the bundle creation process, ensure that you have the following prerequisites installed on your system:

1. Java Development Kit (JDK) - version 17
2. Node.js - version 18 or higher
3. NPM - version 9 or higher
4. Entando CLI v7.x

### Initialize Your Bundle
1. Open a terminal or command prompt.
2. Navigate to the directory where you want to create your bundle.
3. Run the following command to initialize your bundle:
```bash
ent bundle init my-bundle --from-hub --hub-url=<hub_url>
```

> Replace `<hub_url>` with the URL of the hub from where you want to initialize your bundle.

Author: @jyunmitch This part should be replaced with the official Hub URL, for now we might add the dev one.

> Replace <mfe_name> with the name of the microfrontend you want to remove (e.g., vue-widget-agenda, angular-widget-agenda, react-widget-agenda).

Author: @jyunmitch I will add a quick sentence to explain, but the bundle provides 3 MFEs that are basically doing the same thing. It's just 3 different technical implementations. That means the final will probably not keep all 3 of them but will use one and add others according to what he needs.

> Replace <mfe_name> with the name of the microfrontend you want to remove (e.g., vue-widget-agenda, angular-widget-agenda, react-widget-agenda).

Author: Oh no sorry, This was an error of copy and past. I move that to the right section.

- Customize the microfrontend code and configurations as per your application needs.
2. Install the project dependencies and build the microfrontends by running the following command in a terminal or command prompt:
```bash
ent bundle run <mfe-name>
```
> Replace `<mfe_name>` with the name of the microfrontend you want to run. You can find the names in the entando.json file

If you want to run all the microfrontends using one command, you use that command instead:
```bash
ent bundle run --all-mfe
```

### Optional: Remove Unwanted Microfrontends
1. Open a terminal or command prompt. 
2. Navigate to the project root directory. 
3. Run the following command to remove a specific microfrontend:
```bash
ent bundle mfe rm <mfe_name>
```

## Running on an Entando instance
To run that bundle on an Entando require an extra step compared to do it locally.
After having [deploy and install](https://developer.entando.com/v7.2/tutorials/create/pb/publish-project-bundle.html#create-and-deploy-a-bundle-project) your bundle, or install it from a hub, you have to configure Keycloak.
- Access to your Keycloak admin UI https://namespace_url/auth/

> - Then open the "Users" menu, search for your user (the user you are connected to the agenda-bundle application), and click on the "Role Mappings" tab

Author: I finally used `the user to be granted to use the agenda-bundle components
the user to be granted to use the agenda-bundle components`

> - Then open the "Users" menu, search for your user (the user you are connected to the agenda-bundle application), and click on the "Role Mappings" tab

Reviewer: the user to be granted access to the agenda-bundle components

- Then Select the bundle Client Roles in the "Client Roles" list
- Finally, add a role (Admin or User) to the user

![](Screenshot_05.png)

## Conclusion
Feel free to explore the code and leverage this bundle as a sample or template for your future projects.

> If you need any further assistance or have any questions, please refer to the project documentation or reach out to our [Community Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/entandocommunity/shared_invite/zt-g609owdv-2K~YRh8zrI6lqlWo4aFWUw) for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need further assistance or have any questions, please refer to the project documentation or reach out to our [Community Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/entandocommunity/shared_invite/zt-g609owdv-2K~YRh8zrI6lqlWo4aFWUw) for help.
```

    return ResponseEntity
            .created(new URI("/api/contacts/" + created.id()))
            .body(created);
}
```

You can access the Swagger-UI to test the API from this URL: [http://localhost:8081/swagger-ui/index.html]()

### The microfrontends
All three micro frontends provide a consistent user experience, with a similiar look and feel. So, you have the choice to choose which technology you want to start your composable journey.
The micro frontends are delivered with preconfigured API claims to work both locally and on the Entando Platform.

```
export const mfeconfig = {
    "systemParams": {
        "api": {
            "springboot-agenda-api": {
                "url": "http://localhost:8081"
            }
        }
    }
}
```
This doesn't require extra steps to work, but if you want to learn more about API claims, you can check our [official tutorial](https://developer.entando.com/v7.2/tutorials/create/ms/add-api-claim.html#prerequisites).

The agenda allows you to:
- access the users list:
![](Screenshot_01.png)

- Add a new user:
![](Screenshot_02.png)
![](Screenshot_03.png)

- Edit or delete one:
![](Screenshot_04.png)

> Because Entando follows the philosophy of composition, all 3 microfrontends use TailwindCSS and DaisyUI (also applying a custom theme) with the goal of pushing composition to the most advanced levels and allowing developers to focus on developing functionality instead of reinventing the wheel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Entando follows composable methodologies, all 3 micro frontends use TailwindCSS and DaisyUI (also applying a custom theme) with the goal of pushing composability to the most advanced levels, and allowing developers to focus on functionality instead of reinventing the wheel.
```

## Running on an Entando instance
To run the bundle on Entando for production requires an extra step compared to running it locally.
After [deploying and installing](https://developer.entando.com/v7.2/tutorials/create/pb/publish-project-bundle.html#create-and-deploy-a-bundle-project) your bundle, or installing the bundle from a hub, you have to configure Keycloak.
- Access to your Keycloak admin UI: https://YOUR-HOST-NAME/auth/
- Then open the "Users" menu, search for the relevant user (the user to be granted to use the agenda-bundle components), and click on the "Role Mappings" tab
- Then Select the bundle Client Roles in the "Client Roles" list
- Finally, add a role (Admin or User) to the user

![](Screenshot_05.png)

## Bundle pipelines

This project comes bundled with 3 GitHub Actions workflow files present in the folder .github/workflows:
- pr.yml: executes SonarCloud checks, builds the bundle components and publish a test artifact on DockerHub
- post-merge.yml: equal to pr.yml but executed after the PR merge
- release.yml: on tag creation builds and publish an artifact on DockerHub

> You can take inspiration from these workflows to automate your development.

Reviewer 2: @jyunmitch can you have a look at these lines please?
